# Progress
Capturing important moments as I progress through this. I have already spent few hours reading about Meteor. I am impressed by how quickly nice little apps can be put together with Meteor without typical distractions. Let's see how it pays off for my little Goodbet application.

- First commit i.e. Big Bang. I left Meteor stuff in place with no change to capture in history. Since I intend to use Bootstrap and more modules than everything in *myapp.js* I will clean it up soon.
- An empty CSS file doesn't help anyone. So just deleted *goodbet.css*. [Atmosphere](https://atmospherejs.com) seem to be respected Meteor package management repository. [twbs:booitstrap](https://atmospherejs.com/twbs/bootstrap) says **official** and has highest rating so I feel comfortable already. Let's install the package now.
- Since nature of app is analytics I would favour aggregate processing during data entry (import?). I want to prepare all necessary aggregate data that ease filtering and analytics down the track. Something like **Customer** already knowing how many bets they had, how many wins, how much total stake, etc. Seems like pure JS stuff for now... Customer, Event, and Participant only have ID however I assume in real-world application they'll have more than just an ID to describe them.
- Oops, this Meteor **var** vs no var got me now! No need for *RequireJS* and this Meteor *Require* didn't work anyways so let's move on.
- There seem to be an element of events here. I am going with poor man pubsub.
- I need an agreegate root. I am making up the concept of **Worksheet**. It comes from the idea of user playing around multiple CSV files is focusing on single worksheet at hand. Of course in real world situation this should come from domain but right now I get the luxury of making things up :)
